DATES: last | winter | November | 20 | , | 2001 | last | winter | winter | last | winter | 1965 | 
TJ Please forward to all East Power staff.

Thanks.

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Today NERC released its 2001/2002 Winter Assessment.  "Generating
resources will be adequate to meet projected electricity demand in North
America during the 2001/2002 winter season," says Michehl R. Gent,
President and CEO of the North American Electric Reliability Council
(NERC).  "Significant generation has been added in several NERC Regions
and available capacity margins are expected to be equal to or greater
than those projected for last winter in the majority of the NERC
Regions."

For your convenience, a copy of the press release announcing the
2001/2002 Winter Assessment is shown below.  A copy is also available on
the following NERC web site:
WEBLINK~filez/pressreleases.html

If you have any questions, let me know.

Sincerely,

Heather Gibbs

Contact: Ellen Vancko

November 20, 2001

NERC Issues 2001/2002 Winter Reliability Assessment

Today NERC released its 2001/2002 Winter Assessment.  "Generating
resources will be adequate to meet projected electricity demand in North
America during the 2001/2002 winter season," says Michehl R. Gent,
President and CEO of the North American Electric Reliability Council
(NERC).  "Significant generation has been added in several NERC Regions
and available capacity margins are expected to be equal to or greater
than those projected for last winter in the majority of the NERC
Regions."

"Transmission systems in North America are also expected to perform
reliably," he added, "although some transmission congestion is expected
during the course of the winter."  According to the report, fuel
supplies, inventories, and deliveries are expected to be adequate this
winter.  Natural gas storage facilities are currently at levels 20
percent greater than the same time last year.

The report notes that the Pacific Northwest remains under a severe
drought condition that limits its ability to generate electricity from
hydropower resources, although reductions in customer demand are
sufficient to preclude the need for rotating blackouts.  California's
demand and resource situation has improved since last winter due to a
combination of increased resources and reduced demand.  California is
expected to have adequate capacity margins throughout the winter.

For a copy of the 2001/2002 Winter Assessment, visit NERC's web site at
(WEBLINK  NERC's web site also includes information on the
electric industry's electricity supply and delivery programs and
activities.

*********************

NERC is a not-for-profit company formed as a result of the Northeast
blackout in 1965 to promote the reliability of the bulk electric systems
that serve North America.  It works with all segments of the electric
industry as well as customers to "keep the lights on" by developing and
encouraging compliance with rules for the reliable operation of these
systems.  NERC comprises ten Regional Reliability Councils that account
for virtually all the electricity supplied in the United States, Canada,
and a portion of Baja California Norte, Mexico.